the youtube the crazy one and japan had bringing
one more video for you guys generally
when recording an external video
has some kind comments because the
Japanese wear mask was 12 were
some of the comments
asking about this well what
I can talk to you, it's the following
they wear a mask but let's just say so
by labels and education is
usually they use if they use the
mask because of influences by
cause of flu and cold and
transmission of influenza
cell screen né by the virus in contact
direct from person to person
usually you are inside the tram one
buses and a train if you are sick
You already do not use it.
they use a lot also saw and people
It's here in Japan, we get used to it.
We also use the times so
has flu outbreaks
when we go somewhere
closed body for sure we will
now for a place ph have people uses
mask to try to avoid contact is
with viruses and with that we
probability of people getting sick every
day lost is a day that we do not
earns a salary that earns per day wins
per hour worked right
and this is one of the reasons why they
they use a lot
the mask is by quetta really matter
especially if you
example is within a six workout
Lolita knows worse our Japanese lady.
is on your side look at you like that
type
not wearing masks will be one thing
understood or could not
mouth and something and such
and if you talk about influenza near them and
they know what it is now at the beginning of
spring there is a lot of pollen in the air
understood and here in Japan there is a
disease, allergic disease is certainly
because it will give redness to the eyes for
school will lock up understood kind
symptoms of a flu
It's called the coffee show. I already made one.
video about coffee show does what ?
two years ago in 2011 I'll leave it at
link for you to give
Look, you know what's more or less like
I explained in the video will have a pole of a
money you have here in japan
ok for those issues that they use
the mask and other issues also type
a cold for you and protect the face
Something like that
we use it too, it was just a question
pretty big when I make videos
is usually going to see a movie
in the face and I already know wearing a mask
beauty see to kill the curiosity of
some here went with that japan had the
quick video for you eyes of the
Japan
I went to the next staff